Candidate Name: Kajal Sahu
Interviewer name: Javed-Nikunj
Interview Questions:
Question 1  :  Tell me about your projects and roles and responsibilities
Question 2  :  Overloading and OverRiding Question
Question 3  :  Do we use the Overloading function now ?	
Question 4  :  What Is interface and how do we use it?
Question 5 :   What is indexing in SQL
Question 6 :   Difference between Char and Varchar 
Question 7  :  Special Function of braintree apart from other payment gateway. The unique one.
Question 8 :  Limit of Indexing
Question 9 :  Can we store the image in DB only, not project folder and S3 bucket. The physical path and can access from anywhere
Question 10 : Traits 
Question 11:  what is Middleware
Question 12 : What is Service provider
Question 13 :  what is Dependency Injection
Question 14 : Primary key ,Foreign key
Question 15 : What is Namespace
Question 16:  What is  Final Class 
Question 17 : How do you restrict class to be overridden ?
Question 18 : Explain about the Request Life Cycle ?
Question 19:  What is Service Container
Question 20 : Middleware can filter the HTTP request or command request as well ?
Question 21 : Is it necessary to mention all the functions in the interface or we can not mention all the functions there but use later.
Question 22 : Which Laravel version do you work with ? 
Question 23 : Other method of injecting the functions apart from setter and constructor
Question 24 : Sql Commands ,Explain DDL,DML,DCL etc.
Question 25 : Do you know how to write SQL queries to get datas and perform operations without using Eloquent
Question 26 : What is SIP formula, EMI interest Formula , FD Formula (project related question).



Candidate Name: Amresh Kumar
 Ramesh-Mukesh
Interview Questions

Tell me about yourself and how long have you been working in neosoft?
 What is migrations ? how can we update the key using migrations?
How can we integrate the cart functionalities in laravel without using any package?
What changes come between latest and previous version of laravel?
What is mvc ?
How many types of errors in php? Explain it
What is difference between create and save in laravel
What is service container?
What is dependency injection?
How to specify which field is primary key in model in laravel?
How to get the count of duplicate column in mysql
How to find the 4th highest salary in mysql
How to delete last records and give the latest records in mysql?
Give you the real time scenario and tell you  how to solve the problem
Difference between fillable and guarded in model in laravel
What is the difference between query builder and eloquent?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38391710/laravel-eloquent-vs-query-builder-why-use-eloquent-to-decrease-performance 
What is eloquent?
What is seeder? Why it is used?
Difference between primary key and unique key?
Why do we use indexing?
Explain your most complex project in which you are facing challenges ?
Tell me some git command?
If it produces error while pushing code to the branch how to resolve it?



Candidate Name: Hareram Patil
Rahul-Anil
Interview Questions:-

1. What is MailChimp?
2. If you don't want to send notification to the same user at the same time then what techniques will you use in mailchimp?
3. What is your role to implement RazorPay?
4. How will you confirm that your payment is secure and successfully completed after returning the response from RazorPay or Paypal?
5. What is the D3 chart?
6. Difference between chart and D3 chart?
7. How did you use Dropbox API and for what purpose did you use it?
8. What is the repository pattern?
9. Explain complete request flow in laravel.
10. What are api.php, web.php and channels.php files in laravel?
11. Have you created any custom middleware and how?
12. What is the best way to create APIs?
13. In a jquery file you created 4 ajax requests then which will complete first?
14. If your payment is pending and after 1 hour it is successful then how will you manage status and send notification to the users?
15. How will you manage the hot fix?
16. Where you will create hot fix branch?
17. What is Trait?
18. What authentication techniques you used in API?
19. What three parts of JWT?
20. Is signature encrypted in JWT?
21. What is accessors and mutators in laravel?
22. What is collections in laravel?


Candidate Name: Ashish Nandankar
Mukesh - Umesh
Interview Questions:-

1. Tell me about yourself and how long have you been working in neosoft?
2. Tell me something about your project? 
3. what is Middleware?
4. What is razorpay payment gateway? 
5. How payment gateway works?
6. What is the difference between query builder and eloquent?
7. What is eloquent?
8. What is OOP and how PHP is an object-oriented language?
9. What is a Namespace in PHP?
10. How can we integrate the cart functionalities in laravel without using any package?
11. What changes come between latest and previous version of laravel?
12. How to specify which field is primary key in model in laravel?
13. How to get the count of duplicate column in mysql ?
14. How to find the 4th highest salary in mysql ?
15. what are the example of sorting algorithm?
16. Give the some examples of bubble sort algorithm.
17. What is Trait? 

Candidate Name: Avadhut Vagare
Rahul-Anil
Interview Questions:-

Request life cycle
What is middleware?
Which are api authentication you know about?
Http response status codes?
Socket programming?
Http response status codes:401,402,403,404
Eloquent methods
document.ready() in jquery
Use cases of jquery in our projects
Custom exception in php
Difference between redis and mysql?
How to create rest api steps should follow?
Artisan commands you know about?
Migration commands



Candidate Name: Priyanka Deshmukh
pranali - Umesh
Interview Questions:-
1.Introduce yourself?
2.Routing in Codelgniter?
3.How many routing files in laravel use of each?
4.which two functions used for display error in php?
5.Middleware in laravel?
6.Hooks,library,helpers difference in library and helper in codelgniter?
7.What is composer ?
9.How to create rest api in laravel and what steps should follow?
10.Service container in laravel?
11.One puzzle type question that is not related to programming ?
12.Type of http request and explain each?
13 Csrf token?
14 Explain Project with Database ?

Candidate Name: Priyanka Deshmukh
Mukesh - Ramesh
Interview Questions:-


Tell me about yourself and how long have you been working in neosoft?
Tell me about your project roles and responsibility
How to find the 5th highest salary in mysql ?
What is migration, how to migrate particular migration ?
What is Api? Which api technique have you used ?
How many types of aggregate function ?
Transaction and trigger in mysql
Git commands
What is middleware?
How Jwt works?
What to do composer dump-autoload
Have you created helper/package in laravel
Dependency injection
Model attributes in laravel like primary key, timestamp, created_at, updated .
Redis server
Give you many scenario in the sql
Difference between first or get
How to change existing column in laravel migration ?
Caching in laravel
How to delete duplicate records in mysql except first entry
Does laravel support caching? Have you ever used caching?
How can i create alias for class in laravel
Brief discussion on jwt token passport, algorithms.
Basic auth in rest apis





Candidate Name: Aniruth G
Ashish Yadav

Interview Questions:-
1.where are you from
2.have you worked on mumbai location
3.tell about yourself
4.how long you are working neosoft
5.what are the web storage
6.What is HOC
7.what is context API
8.problem statement for pairs values form Array list and count number of paired values only
9.problem statement for change nested object values of state from reactJS

Candidate Name: Nainsi kumari
Rahul
Interview Questions:
1)Tell me about your self and your project
2)What is inheritance
3)What is interface.
4)If we not using interface then how can we use multiple inheritance
5)What is JWT and how it work.
6)What is rsa algorithm ,is it possible to encrypt digital signature
7)What is facade.
8)What is helper
9)How route file know that which routing will be call
10)What is queue ,which queue use in laravel
11)What is What is eloquent? And what is difference between eloquent and sql query
12)What is soft delete and how to soft delete column created
13)Difference between fillable and guarded in model in laravel
14)Design pattern in laravel
15)What is accessors and mutators in laravel?
16)latest php version
17)what is difference between == and ==== in php
18)what is difference between current laravel and previous laravel
19)how to write test case in laravel

 




Candidate Name: Santosh Shrma
Javed-Nikunj

Interview Questions:-
1.Tell me about your self and your project details
2.what is php and laravel.
3.which version use in php with laravel 6.0.
4.what is indexing and how many type of indexing,how to work of indexing.
5.what is primary key and we have create index in primary key.
6.what is challenging task in your project. And how to implement.
7.what is eloquent and how to work internally.
8. What is queue.
9. What is memory management.
10.what is debugger and which tool you are using.
11.what is the cookie and session.and where is store cookie and session.
12.How to destroy session.
13.what is memory optimization.
14.Request life cycle in laravel.
15.what is join in laravel and how to define row query.the where is show joining sql query in   laravel.
16. What is ,Explain DDL,DML,DCL , with differences.
17.what is migration.and how many type of migration.
18.What is a qsl engine? And how many type of engine.
19.what is multi inheritance and how to achive.
20.what is char and varchar and differences.
21.we have login my site then delete cookie so your are login or not.
22.what is service provider.
23.what is service container.
24.how many data store in session and cookie.
25.how to save image in database.
26.what is differences between merge and pull and how to solve conflict.


Candidate Name: Manjul Thapliyal
Interviewer Name: Rahul

Self Intro
Which is better framework php or Laravel.
What are the differences between laravel and Yii.
Which framework would you prefer to create apis. Yii or Laravel
What is web.php and api.php
What is channel.php
If while making payment the user closes his/her payment window what will happen ?
How will you make sure that the call back url passed while making any payment has not been altered with.
Difference between set and data in mysql.
Request life cycle in laravel.








Candidate Name : Shivaprasad Shirasangi 
Interviewer Name : Vivek and Karan 

1 . Shortly introduce yourself
2.  Explain projects you have done
3.  Life cycle of Request in laravel
4 . given array write the sorting program for array and explanation how it works
5.  What is Hashing and its types ?
6.  How do you convert text into hash text ? and why do we need it ?
7.  What is encryption and decryption ?
8. What is bootstrapping in Laravel ?
9 . how we create custom packages in laravel .
10. Where do we define a custom package ? and is it loaded only defining in composer.json ?
11. What are facades ?
12 . Explain service container
13 . What is dependency injection ?
14 . Explain design patterns .
15. Passport authentication in laravel 
16. What is the difference between ORM and Query builder ?
17. What is an active record ?
18. difference between hashing and encryption, decryption
19 . Difference between authentication and authorization 
20. which is the best project till now you have done and why ?
21. What is throttling?
22. What are micro services ?
23. Can we be able to Write a custom  service Provider ? and how ?
  
Candidate Name: Prajakta Gadre
Interviewer name: Javed-Nikunj
Interview Questions:
1.Project related questions.
2.What is ORM?
3.questions related to csrf.
4.what is middleware?
5.What is traits?
6.migrations
7.what is service provider?
8.how do we secure an API?
9.MYSQL storage engines
10.can you use MYISAM in mysql?
11.overloading,overriding
12.what is indexing?
12.dependency injection?
13.Primary key,unique key,foregin key?
14.Namespaces in laravel
15.order by,group by with some scenario
16.Http method?
17.can we use GET to insert record?
18 .Encryption & hashing


Candidate Name : Avishkar shewale
Interviewer Name : Vivek and Karan

1) Self introduction
2) How long have you been working in neosoft?
3) Explain Project.
4) Life cycle of Request in laravel.
5) Program sorting array value without using built.




Candidate Name : Khushaldas berva
Interviewer Name : Mukesh and Ramesh


Tell me about yourself and how long have you been working in neosoft?
Tell me about your project roles and responsibility
How to find the 5th highest salary in mysql ?
What is migration, how to migrate particular migration ?
What is Api? Which api technique have you used ?
How many types of aggregate function ?
Transaction and trigger in mysql
Request life cycle of laravel
Git commands
What is middleware?
What is queue ? and alternative of queue in laravel
Scheduling in laravel.
Model attributes in laravel like primary key, timestamp, created_at, updated .
Difference between save and create
When to use firstOrFail.
Accessor and mutator
Dependency injection
How many types of join and elaborate it
Http response codes 
How many types of request available in laravel?
What to do composer dump-autoload
Have you created helper/package in laravel
How to change enum type using migration in laravel
Have you ever solved error on production and which file you check first while getting error on production
Difference between primary key and unique key ?
Does php support method overloading ?
What is eloquent? Difference between query builder and eloquent
How Jwt works?
Request life cycle of laravel .
Traits and how can we use trait ?
Can we use select query while transaction is running ?
Difference between fillable and guarded in model in laravel ?
Is middleware applied on console request too ?
What’s new in laravel ?
Give you many scenario in the sql
Constrains in sql
Redis server
How to change database name except change in .env ?
How many default database we have in database.php ?
Have you worked with read and write permission database
How query will be executed in laravel?
Does laravel support caching? Have you ever used caching?
How can i create alias for class in laravel ?
How to delete duplicate records in mysql ?
Can we use where clause with aggregate functions?
Difference between first or get
How to change existing column in laravel migration ?
Caching in laravel
Request life cycle of laravel
Magic functions in php


Candidate Name : Arpan Sharma
Interviewer Name : Vivek and Karan

1) Self introduction

3) tell me about your projects

4) Life cycle of Request in laravel.

5) Program reverse string value without using built.

6) What is ORM & Advantages of using ORM

7) What are traits?
what is Soft delete & why we writte use SoftDeletes in models and what is this  and where 
It’s created 

9) how we use soft delete 

10) CRUD operations 

11) what is Soft delete & why we writte use SoftDeletes in models and what is this  and where 
It’s created 

12) Explain Your last project and what which laravel packages you used in this project 

13) Razorpay payment gateway integration how you use this how to install this package what is 
     this installation command
 







Candidate Name : Ruturaj Nimbalkar
Interviewer Name : Umesh-Rikhil

1 .  Shortly introduce yourself
2.   Explain the last  project you have done
3.   Life cycle of Request in laravel
4 .  given array write the sorting program for array and explanation how it works
5.   How many types of request available in laravel?
6.   How many types of join and elaborate it
7    what is stored procedure and there type
8.   difference between stored procedure and function
9.   Http method?
10  What is web.php and api.php
11  Give you many scenario in the sql
12  Can we be able to Write a custom  service Provider ? and how ?
13   difference between empty and isset in php and which is better
14   what is service provider?
15   What changes come between 4.2 and 4.7version of php?
16   what is challenging task in your project. And how to implement.
17  How route file know that which routing will be call
18  what is difference between == and ==== in php
19  How to find the 4th highest salary in mysql
20  on which port php run
21  which is faster ternary operator or ?? in laravel
 















Candidate name:Tejaswini 
Interviewer name : Javed-Nikunj

1. which php and laravel version use.
2. what is interface.
3 what is trait and difference b/w traits and helper function.
4. Access Specifier.
5. what is multithreading?
6. What is MySQL collection?
7. what is overloading and overriding.
8. magic method in php
10. how much data stored in session.
12. if the cookies is off then how to login in website.
13. what is stored procedure and functions.
14 what is transactions.
15. what is service provider.
16 what is service container.
17. Given many scenario in the sql.
18 dependency injection.





Candidate name:Abhishek Singh 
Interviewer name : Umesh Sagoria-Pranali


1. Self introduction 
2. Explain your hardest project.
3. Problems faced in that project.
4. How you overcome with that problems.
5. Explain your latest project.
6. Total number of project done in laravel.
7. Which laravel version you are currently working
8. What is restful api
9. Type of request we use on restful api and explain it
10. Difference between $ and $$
11 What are magic method and why we use it
12. Difference between include & require.
13. Difference between unset and unlink.
14. Error Reporting on php 
15.Hooks in CI.
16. How to load models in CI.
17. Difference between helpers and library in Ci
18 What is routing.
19. What is composer.
20. What is artisan.
21. What are route files in laravel.



Candidate Name: Alok vishwakarma
Umesh Sagoria-Pranali

Interview Questions:-

Describe about yourself and what was role in your project.
Tell about major practical achievement in your project
What is PHP error  and how many types of error
Which method apply to enable error in PHP
What is eloquent ORM in laravel
What is CI in codeigniter
Which method apply to load model in codeigniter
What is migration in laravel
What is composer in laravel
Difference b/w require and include in PHP
Difference b/w unset and unlink
      12.	What is artisan in laravel
      13. What is API and name how many type of API used
      14. What is JWT and how it works
      15.  What is web.php and api.php in laravel
 



Candidate name: Augustin
Interviewer name : Umesh & Anil

1.self introduction
2.laravel migration
3.custom middleware 
4.add new value with enum datatype with migration & production server
5.laravel architecture
6.resource usage
7.is there any use of resource folder while making API
8.indexing in sql
9.join and usage of all
10.find 3 salary
11.razoypay integration
12.razoypay webhooks
13.given logic program for asscending order
14.use of try catch block
15.use of commit and rollback fucntion in sql
16.how to handle bulk data to add new filed while execution time
17.What is accessors and mutators in laravel?
18.Type of http request and explain each?
19.Http response status codes:401,402,403,404
20.working on API
21.what is artisan 
22.collection and type


Candidate name:sabina Ansari
Interviewer name : Javed-Nikunj

1.Self introduction
2.which type of project is done.
3.Difficult module in your project.
4.what is function overloading and php supports function overloading
5.what is session and cookie
6.what is middleware and how to create custom middleware in laravel
7.what is use name in routes
8.what is facades.
9.what is service provider
10.how to reduce memory usage in laravel
11.what sql statements
12.what is indexing in sql  
13.what is multiple inheritance



Candidate Name:- Vikas Salekar
Interviewer name : Vivek-Mukesh
1:- self Introduction
2:- Question about regarding projects and which one is a better project in Carrere and why?
3:- Difference between CodeIgniter and laravel and which one is best? and why?
4:- what is newly updated in laravel latest version.
5:- what is laravel migration and how does it performs the operation behind the migrate 
command.
6:- how to alter data in migration and how to enum data update in migration.
7:- any library used to update data in migration?
8:- laraval request life cycle?
9:- laravel eloquent? and what is the difference between eloquent and quey builder which one is 
better, why ?
10:- what is eager loading and lazy loading how it's perform?
11:- what is the difference between get() and first() method in laravel query?
12:- what is a composer and why it is used? what is composer.json and composer lock file ?
13:- what is the difference between "composer update" and "composer require" and "composer 
install"?
14:- if we do not define any primary key in the model and in the database my primary key is 
"examplekey" then how operation perform?
15:- what is git and what is basic commands of gits ?
16:- php programing question
	$array = [1,2,3,4,5];
	
	o/p should be the [5,1,2,3,4];
 
17:- mysql query questions
	-how to find 3 largest salary
	-how to remove duplicate records and keep the first one
	-how to find out duplicate records with count
18:- what is Jwt and how it works?


Candidate Name: Lalit Tiwari
Interviewer name: Javed-Nikunj
Interview Questions:
Question 1  :  Tell me about your projects and roles and responsibilities
Question 2  :  Overloading and OverRiding Question
Question 5 :   What is indexing in SQL
Question 6 :  Difference between Char and Varchar 
Question 9 :  Can we store the image in DB & which data type we will use to store the image in DB.
Question 10 : Traits 
Question 11 : What is a Service Container?
Question 12 :  what is Dependency Injection
Question 13 : Sql Commands ,Explain DDL,DML,DCL etc.
Question 14 : What is Eloquent & why it is needed.
Question 15 : What is a Query builder & which is fast Eloquent Or Query Builder.
Question 16 : What is polymorphism?
Question 17 : What is late binding?
Question 18 : Accessor & Mutator?
Question 19 : Session & Cookies?
Question 20: Magic method in PHP?
Question 21: Type of SQL Engine & difference between MyIsam & InnoDB?
Question 22: Eager Loading & Lazy Loading & how can we use it?
Question 23: Scope variable in php?
Question 23: Can you use static variable & method out of the class, if yes then how & if no then tell me reason?

Candidate Name : Sibasankar Bhoi
Interviewer Name : Umesh-

1 .  Shortly introduce yourself
2.   Details about last  project you have done
3.   Life cycle of Request in laravel
4 .  given array write the sorting program for array and explanation how it works 
5.   How many types of request available in laravel?
6.   How many types of join and elaborate it
7    what is stored procedure and there type
8.   What is store procedure
9.   Http methods?
10  What is web.php and api.php
11  join query in the sql with example
12  Can we be able to Write a custom  service Provider ? and how ?
13   what is service provider?
14   latest features in laravel?
15  prime number related program
16  how triggers works
17 different types of sorting algorithm program
18 questions on laravel new features
19 which PHP framework is faster and why
20 create custom provider
21 facades


Candidate Name : Kiran Deore
Interviewer Name : Mukesh and Ramesh

How to find the 3rd highest salary in mysql ?
What is migration, how to migrate particular migration ?
What is Api? Which api technique have you used ?
Request life cycle of laravel
Git commands
What is middleware?
What is queue ? and alternative of queue in laravel
Model attributes in laravel like primary key, connection, fillable and gaurded.
Dependency injection
How many types of join and elaborate it
What to do composer dump-autoload
How to change enum type using migration in laravel
Have you ever solved error on production and which file you check first while getting error on production
What is eloquent? Difference between query builder and eloquent
How Jwt works?
Traits and how can we use trait ?
Can we use select query while transaction is running ?
Difference between fillable and guarded in model in laravel ?
Is middleware applied on console request too ?
Constrains in sql
Redis server
How many default database we have in database.php ?
Have you worked with read and write permission database
How query will be executed in laravel?
Does laravel support caching? Have you ever used caching?
How to delete duplicate records in mysql ?
Can we use where clause with aggregate functions?
How to change existing column in laravel migration ?

